
95
Greenstone Melange:rd-brn,orng,
yel,yel-grn,mod hd,abun hem &
limonite alteration,loc mott,
aphan-crs gr,loc qtz vng.

160
Greenstone:lt-dk grn,yel/grn
oxidation,dk brn/pur altrd,frm-
v hd,com porph text,loc mott,
aphan-crs gr,r-tr wht calc.
Serpentine:brn-dk grn,sft,waxy,
r calc,altrd to clay.
Siliceous Graywacke:lt gry,med 
grs,hd,fresh app,r qtz,r calc.

280
Greenstone:rd-brn,pur,lt-dk
grn,frm-v hd,com porph text,
loc mott,predom aphan,loc altrd
to brick rd clay,abs-r qtz
vng,r calc. 

370
Greenstone:fresh lt grn,loc brn 
altr,frm-hd,com porph text,loc,
mott,occ aphan,r-tr wht calc,loc
highly altrd to Clay:lt grn,lt 
gry grn,v sft,sticky,water sol,
pr relic text.

460
Lithic Graywacke:med-grn gry,occ
dk gry,med hd-hd,med-crs gr,prly 
sorted,mnr blk lithics,loc 
gneissic app,r clay altrn,r qtz,
r calc,r lt chlor wash.

600
Greenstone:lt-med grn,r lt blu,
occ dk grn,mod hd-hd,britt,mod-
str relic text,aphan-porph,com
visable vesi,hvy chlor altrn,
mott app,tr-com vng wht calc,r-
tr agg pyr,mnr chlor,loc r hem.
Clay:lt grn,grn gry,sft-v sft.

720
Greenstone:lt-med grn,loc dk 
grn,mod hd-hd,britt,pr-mod 
relic text,occ str relic text,
aphan-porph,tr visable vesi,str
chlor altr,mott app,r qtz,tr vng 
calc,r-tr agg pyr,mnr chlor,loc 
r hem.Clay:lt grn,grn gry,sft,r
apparent text.

840
Greenstone:lt-med grn,occ v lt 
grn,mod hd-pred hd,aphan-porp 
w/tr-mnr str chlortzd phenos,
mod-pred pr relict tex,loc r 
vesic,com mott app,mod calc w/
tr wht calc vng,absnt-r v fn 
disem/vn/agg pyr,mnr chlor 
wash/chlortzd phenos.

955
Greenstone:v lt-med grn,loc 
pale grn-off wht,mod hd-pred 
hd,aphan-sl incr porp w/mod-str 
chlortzd phenos,pred mod-com pr 
relict tex,com mott app,r wht 
qtz vng,loc r wht qtz amygds,
sl dec intrstit calc,tr-mnr wht 
calc vng,r fn disem/vn/agg pyr,
mnr chlor wash/chlortzd phenos,
occ lt gry grn Chert frags.

1110
Greenstone:lt-med grn,dk grn,
mod hd-hd,britt,mod relic text,
aphan-porph,phenos dom hvy chlor
altrn,com mott app,tr-mnr vng 
wht calc,r-tr agg/disem pyr,mnr 
chlor,loc disem/vng red hem.

1230
Greenstone:pale grn-med grn,
occ dk grn,mod hd-hd,aphan-
porp w/tr-mnr mod-str chlor-
tzd phenos,mod relict tex,com 
mott app,tr intrstit calc,tr-
occ mnr wht calc vng,rloc tr 
fn disem/agg/vn pyr,mnr chlor 
wash/chlortzd mafics,loc red 
hem vng/stng.

1360
Greenstone:med grn,dk grn,brn,
mod hd-hd,britt,pr relic text,
aphan-porph,mnr brn matrix,lrg
phenos dom hvy chlor altrn,mott 
app,occ Serp frags,mnr-com wht 
calc,abs-r pyr,mnr-com chlor,tr
to mnr disem/vng red hem.
Chert:tan,brn,grn,wht,v hd,qtz
micro vng,disem pyr.
Argillite:dk gry-blk,pred mod 
hd,com britt,wk phyl shn,com
shrd/cata app,r qtz vng,r-tr
wht calc vng,loc r disem pyr.

1540
Greenstone:lt-med grn,r dk grn,
mod hd-hd,britt,pr relic text,
aphan-porph,sm-md phenos dom hvy 
chlor altrn,com mott app,mnr-com 
vng calc,r disem pyr,mnr chlor.

1660
Lithic Graywacke:med-dk gry,hd,
mod def gr bndrs,mnr shrd app.
Serpentine:lt-med grn,dk grn,
wht,tan,sft-hd,waxy luster,
greasy,fibrous,r talc,r qtz,tr 
disem pyr,mnr magnetite.
MUM:med-v dk grn,blk,hd,abs-r
relic text,str serpntzn,tr disem
pyr,com disem magnetite.

1780
Serpentine:pale-med grn,dk grn-
dk blu grn,blk,mott lt grn/wht,
mod hd-hd,loc r soft,translu-
opq,waxy,com resinous luster,
loc fibrous,com str shrd/cata 
app,abun mott app,tr-abun MUM 
frags,loc r-tr talc,r qtz vng,
r-tr v fn disem pyr,com-abun 
disem blk magn.

1900
Serpentine:lt-med grn,dk grn,
blk,dec mott grn/wht,mod hd-hd,
translu-opq,resinous luster,com
waxy,com shrd/cata app,com mott 
app,tr-com MUM frags,loc r talc,
r qtz vng,tr disem/vn/agg pyr,
mnr-com disem blk magn.

1985
Peridotite:med-dk gry brn,com 
lt gry brn,hd-v hd,sl-pred mod 
altrd,med-crs grn gran tex,pred
oliv & pyrox,loc r qtz vng,loc 
r calc,tr disem/vn pyr,tr chlor 
w/MUM:med-v dk grn,dk blu grn-
blk,hd,pr-abs relict tex,mod-
str serpntzn and Serpentine:v 
lt-med grn,occ dk grn,mod hd-
hd,translu,opq,resinous,waxy.

2115
Serpentine:lt-med grn,incr v lt 
grn-off wht,mnr v dk grn-blk,
mod hd-hd,loc sft,translu,opq,
resinous luster,com waxy,com 
mott appr,loc shrd app,com-abun 
MUM,occ Peridotite frags,tr-loc 
mnr v fn disem pyr,mnr-loc com 
disem magn.

2225
Peridotite:lt-med gry brn,v lt 
brn,occ gry grn,hd-v hd,sl-str 
altrn,med-crs gr gran tex,pred 
oliv & pyrox,com-abun partially 
serpntzd,loc r qtz vng,r-mnr
intrstit & wht vn calc,r disem 
pyr,tr-com disem magn.

2340
Serpentine:lt-med grn,dk grn-blk,
occ wht grn,loc blu,mod hd-hd,
translu,opq,waxy luster,occ
fibrous,com mott appr,com shrd
appr,tr disem pyr,mnr agg/disem/
vng grey magnetite.

2455
Serpentine:lt-med grn,dk blu 
grn-blk,occ pale grn,mod hd-hd,
loc sft,translu,opq,waxy-
resinous luster,occ mott appr,
loc shrd appr,loc v pr relict
tex,com-abun MUM,loc r wht qtz 
micro vng,r wht calc vng,tr 
disem/vn/agg pyr,mnr-com disem 
gry magn w/Peridotite:med gry 
brn-med gry grn,mod hd-hd,mod-
str serpntzd,fr-pr relic tex,
r qtz vng,r-mnr wht calc vng,r
disem pyr,com disem magn, and
MUM:v dk grn-dk blu grn,blk,
mod hd-hd,pr-abs relict tex,r 
disem pyr,mnr-com disem magn. 

2665
Serpentine:lt-med grn,dk grn,occ
blu,gry-blk,loc sft,mod hd-hd,
dull-waxy luster,abs-r relict 
tex,loc r fiberous appr,tr disem
&agg pyr,r chlor,abun grading to
MUM:med-v dk grn,blk,dk gry,mod 
hd-hd,abs-r relic tex,mod-str 
serpntzn,loc r shrd appr,tr pyr,
mnr disem/agg/vng magnetite.

2800
Serpentine:v lt-med grn,dk gry
grn-blk,occ blu,mod hd-hd,loc
sft,translu,waxy,resinous,loc
fiberous,tr disem/agg/vn pyr,
mnr disem magn,w/Peridotite:v 
lt brn-med brn,off wht,mod hd-
hd,loc sft,mod-str altrd,pred 
med gr gran tex,gd-pr relic tex,
sl-str serpntzd,r clr euhed qtz,
r wht qtz vng,tr-abun wht calc 
vng,r disem pyr,tr disem magn,
and MUM:med-v dk grn,v dk blu 
grn-blk,mod hd-hd,pr-abs relict 
tex,abun grdg to Serp,r disem 
pyr,mnr disem magn.

3005
Serpentine:lt-med grn,occ dk 
grn,abun wht grn,mod hd,loc sft
translu,opq,waxy luster,occ
fibrous,mott appr,tr disem/agg 
pyr,mnr agg/disem/vng dk grey 
magnetite.

3090
Serpentine:lt-med grn,dk grn,occ
blk,tan,wht,mod hd-hd,loc sft,
translu,opq,waxy luster,occ 
fibrous,loc blchd wht,occ shrd,
abs-mnr lg qtz vng,tr disem pyr,
mnr-com agg/disem/vng dk magn.
Peridotite:lt brn,tan,mod-hd,loc
sft,med gr gran text,pr relic 
text,str altrd,mod-str serpntzd.
MUM:dk grn-blk,hd,abun grdg to
Serp,r pyr,mnr-com disem magn.

3215
Clay:gry grn,gry,wht,v sft-sft,
water sol,sticky,r relic text
in grn frags.

3270
Serpentine:lt-med grn,occ dk 
grn,abun wht grn,mod hd,loc sft
translu,opq,waxy luster,occ
fibrous,mott appr,loc strngly
silic @3270',tr disem/agg 
pyr,mnr agg/disem/vng dk grey 
magnetite.MUM:dk grn-blk,hd,
grdg t/Serp,r-mnr pyr.Clay:lt 
gry,wht,v sft-sft,water sol,
sticky,r relic txt.

3410
Serpentine:lt-med grn,dk grn,
blk,occ pale grn-blu,mod hd-hd,
loc sft,translu,opq,waxy luster,
occ fibrs,loc blchd,loc clay 
altr,loc shrd,loc pr relict tex,
com MUM grdg to Serp,loc tr wht 
qtz vng,tr disem pyr,com-abun 
disem/vng magnetite.

3530
Serpentine:med-dk grn,lt grn,
gry-blk,occ pale grn-blu,mod hd-
hd,loc sft,translu,opq,waxy 
luster, occ fibrs,loc blchd,loc
clay altr,loc silic,loc shrd,loc
pr relict tex,com MUM grdg to 
Serp,loc tr wht qtz vng,tr disem
pyr,com-abun disem/vng mag.

3625
Serpentine:med-dk grn,lt grn,gry
to blk,loc yel tan,occ blu-grn,
mod hd-v hd,translu,opq,occ shrd
app,loc med gr text,com blocky,
tr disem pyr,abun MUM grdg-Serp.

3720
Blueshist:med-dk blu,hd-v hd,str
fol,loc platey,massive app,com
micaceous,occ mnr serpntzd altr,
mnr qtz vng,r-tr clac vng,mnr 
agg/disem pyr,loc r pyr cubes.

3810
Siliceous Graywacke:med-dk gry,
wht,overall dk gry in sample,
hd-v hd,gneissic texture,com
argillaceous,com phyll shn,w/
Serpentine:med-dk grn,gry to 
blk,occ blu-grn,mod hd-v hd,
translu,opq,occ shrd app,loc med
gr text,com blocky,tr disem pyr,
grdg to MUM,tr-mnr qtz vng,tr 
calc vng,tr disem pyr,r-tr vng
magnetite.

3920
Siliceous Graywacke:med-dk gry,
wht,hd-v hd,gneissic texture,com
argillacoues,tr-com phyll shn.

4020
Serpentine:med-dk grn,lt grn,
occ pale grn,frm-mod hd,loc sft,
translu,opq,waxy luster,fibrs 
txt,loc blchd,com cly altr,loc 
silic,loc shrd,loc pr relict 
tex,com MUM,loc tr wht qtz vng,
r-tr disem & vn pyr,com mag.

4120
Greenstone:pale grn-med grn,loc
rd-brn,occ dk grn,mod hd-hd,
aphan-porp,loc hvly frac,mod 
relict tex,loc mott app,tr-mnr 
intrstit & vng calc,tr-mnr qtz
vng,r-tr pyr vng w/Siliceous
Graywacke:med-dk gry,wht,hd-v 
hd,gneissic texture,loc phyll
shn,occ argillaceous.

4230
Siliceous Graywacke:lt gry med-
dk gry,loc pall grn,occ wht, 
hd-v hd,com frsh app,mod well 
def gr bndrs,r-mnr qtz vng,r-tr 
calc vng,r dissem pyr,com mass 
arg,com serp,com-abund 
greenstone.

4330
Siliceous Graywacke:med gry,loc
dk gry,mod hd-hd,com frsh app,
mod well def gr bndrs,tr-mnr qtz
vng,r calc vng,r-tr dissem & vng 
pyr,r-mnr yel epid,abs-r chlor 
wash,loc r bronze pyrrhotite.

4530
Siliceous Graywacke:lt-med gry,
occ dk gry,mod hd-hd,brit,frsh
app,mod def gr bndrs,loc mnr fol
of dk grs,t-mnr qtz vns,loc com
clr-wht qtz w/euhed xtals,r-tr
calc,r pyr,r-tr yel/grn epid,r
lt grn chlor wash,intrbdd w/
Argillite:dk gry-blk,mod hd,aphn
app,mnr silty text,r qtz vng,r
clac,r disem/vng pyr.

4655
Serpentine:lt-dk grn,blu,wht,sft
to mod hd,waxy,translu,blocky,r
disem pyr intrcltd w/Argillte &
Graywacke,@4680 incr in mins,opn 
space xtals of clr qtz and epid.

4735
Chert:brick rd,rd-brn,wht,tan,lt
grn,v hd,microxln,mnr qtz micro 
vng,disem pyr assoc w/qtz vng.

4800
Siliceous Graywacke:med-dk gry,
mod hd-hd,prly-mod def gr bndrs,
tr-mnr qtz vng,tr-mnr dissem & 
vng pyr,tr-com disem & vng yel 
epid,r-tr chlor wash intrcltd w/
Greenstone:grn-gry,dk grn,mod 
hd-hd,aphan-porp,loc frac,mod 
relict tex,loc mott app, com 
bladed actinolite,mnr qtz vng,
tr-mnr disem and vng epidote.

4920
Greenstone:lt-med grn,dk grn,mod 
hd-hd,aphan-porp w/mod-str 
chlortzd phenos,occ pilotaxitic 
text,com mott appr,tr-mnr qtz 
vng,tr-mnr disem/agg/vn pyr,tr-
com yel-grn epid,loc yel-orange 
epid,tr bronze pyrr,r-tr chlor 
wash,occ clay altrn-blchd appr.

5020
Greenstone:lt-med grn,grn-gry,dk
grn,mod hd-hd,aphan-porp w/mod-
str chlortzd phenos,occ pilotax 
text,com mott appr,tr-mnr qtz 
vng,tr-mnr disem/agg/vn pyr,tr-
com yel-grn epid,loc yel-orange 
epid,tr bronze pyrr,r-tr chlor 
wash,occ clay altrn-blchd appr,
loc r orpiment/realgar @5020'.